Senior Software Engineer - Canada   Duration: Permanent   Location: Canada (Remote)   Start: ASAP   Getty Images works with over 496,000 contributors and image partners around the globe who add 8-10 million new assets each quarter to the 495 million assets  contained in our catalogue. Making Getty Images one of the world’s largest commercial archives.   There are 2 fundamental questions the Getty Images Search & Ranking Team are working to solve:   "If an image is worth a thousand words, wouldn’t it be nice if we didn’t have to type a thousand words to find it?"   And   "What do we do when an image is our search query, instead of text entered into a field"   To find a solution to these questions, we are building a highly efficient, Artificially Intelligent (AI) Image search engine that pushes the boundaries of Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Visual Search Machine Learning (ML).   The Search Team at Getty Images is responsible for building something that has never been built before, on a scale that will challenge the best of the best Engineers.   If you would like to be considered for an integral role on a high visibility team that has the deepest of impact on our industry and our customers, and you have expertise in some of the key skills and talents listed below, then we are very interested in speaking with you.   Skills You Possess   Experience building and operating complex distributed systems at scale Empathy for users and their business goals Proven experience building and leading software engineering teams with a focus on inclusion and diversity Tenacity and the ability to balance competing priorities across multiple cross-functional stakeholders Orientation towards long-term impact as the yardstick for prioritization, but able to strike the right balance between short-term goals and longer-term vision Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Curiosity and pragmatism   What You’ll Need To Succeed   Strong skills in C#, Java, and other object-oriented languages Working knowledge of search algorithms and their practical applications. Hands-on experience with AWS Technologies (Such as Dynamo, ECS, EC2, S3) Experience with containers and container schedulers (Docker, ECS)   Nice To Have   Familiarity with the following: Solr / Lucene; Spark; Kafka Knowledge or experience with FAISS, vector search, or NLP Understanding and utilization of scripting languages such as Bash, Python and Ruby Experience with CI/CD and Gitlab Experience with monitoring tools such as Splunk, Grafana, and Prometheus   Mental And Physical Demands   Frequent communication with others to exchange information. Frequent sedentary work that primarily involves sitting/standing; Time of each will vary. Constant operation of computer and frequent usage of other office machinery, including (but not limited to) calculator, copy machine, computer printer, etc. Frequent repetition of motions and gestures that may include the wrists, hands and/or fingers. (Required)   Are you passionate about search engine technologies, NLP ? We would love to hear from you. Join us in our mission to move the world through imagery!   __________________________   Who We Are   Getty Images is a preeminent global visual content creator and marketplace. Through Getty Images, iStock, and Unsplash, we offer a full range of content solutions to meet the needs of any customer—no matter their size—around the globe.   Getty Images encompasses the largest and best path to market for visual creators through their premier brands including its core, Getty Images; iStock, a value offering of creative stills and videos providing a significant volume of exclusive content to small and medium-sized businesses; and Unsplash, a free offering of creative stills servicing the fast-growing and broad-based creator economy.   Help us move the world with images! Bringing award-winning imagery to everyone, Getty Images has customers in almost every country in the world, with websites in 23 languages, bringing the world’s best content to media outlets, advertising agencies and corporations, small businesses and increasingly, direct to consumers.   Getty Images works with over 527,000 contributors and image partners to provide comprehensive coverage of more than 160,000 news, sport, and entertainment events around the globe. With over 534 million assets, of which over 320 million are digitized, encompassing the latest global news, sports, celebrity, music and fashion coverage; exclusive conceptual creative images; and the world’s largest commercial archive. New content is added daily, with 8-10 million new assets added each quarter.   Getty Images offers the most exclusive and unique creative and editorial visual content globally. The breadth and quality of our content allow our customers and partners to tell their stories with greater creativity and accuracy, thereby eliciting more emotion and enabling more action. Getty Images moves the world —whether the goal is commercial or philanthropic, revenue-generating or society-changing, market-disrupting or headline-driving. Getty Images offers the highest quality and most diverse visual content, based on industry-leading expertise and innovation.   Leadership Principles   As a company, we're committed to living these Principles every day. Here's how we support our mission to be the best place to work globally.   We are trustworthy, transparent, and honest   We love character, authenticity, and integrity.   We always raise the bar   Excellence is our norm; we get better through endeavor, curiosity, and speed.   We collectively bring solutions   We love debate but collaborating to solve problems for ourselves and our customers is everyone’s responsibility.   We care, are kind, courteous, and respectful   We will not tolerate rudeness.   We reject biased behavior and discrimination   We seek to understand biases in all forms. We call out biases and discrimination when observed and take action where responsible.   We Are Inclusive Of Different Voices, Perspectives, And Experiences   Diversity and inclusion are never done, but we are passionate in their pursuit.   We are one Getty Images with no silos   We share goals and accountability; we and actively seek information and expertise; we make time for our peers.   We deliver on our commitments, and commercial goals   With one voice and shared accountability.   We put the customer at the heart of everything we do   We listen to, anticipate, and exceed customer needs, adapting as they evolve.   We celebrate our inclusive work environment and welcome members of all backgrounds and perspectives. Women, gender-nonbinary, people of color, LGBTQIA+ people, and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply.   Getty Images is committed to providing Reasonable Accommodations and will work with you to meet your needs. If you are a person with a disability and require assistance to search for a job opening or submitting an online application, please email RecruitingAccommodations@gettyimages.com .   Visit Getty Images at www.gettyimages.com  to learn more about how the company is advancing the unique role of still and moving imagery in communication and business, and enabling creative ideas to come to life.   For company news and announcements, visit our Press Room , and for the stories and inspiration behind our content, visit Stories & Trends .   Find Getty Images on  Facebook ,  Twitter ,  Instagram , LinkedIn , Pinterest  and  Tumblr , or download the Getty Images app where you can explore, save and share the world's best imagery.   Getty Images is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Getty Images believes that diversity is critical to our success in moving the world with images and is committed to creating an inclusive, mutually respectful environment that celebrates diversity. We seek to hire on the basis of merit, competence, performance, and business needs.