The Corporate Travel team is a new team within Hopper that is making Hopper’s consumer booking experience available to corporate travelers with corporate controls. Corporate travel is a huge segment of the travel industry and has seen limited innovation. As Hopper expands beyond a consumer travel app, we are reimagining how travel can be purchased for a new group of users. Enabling these customer objectives through simple but impactful development is critical to our success. We’re building this platform from the ground up and are looking for a Senior Backend Engineer to join the team.   As a Senior Backend Engineer on the Corporate Travel team, you’ll work on a greenfield product within Hopper’s $1B+ travel ecosystem. You'll become a foundational member of a new Corporate Travel team whose goal is to build elegant, user-centric product solutions to help corporate travelers book travel. You will build foundational features and services that will be core to the business going forward, and design systems that will enable us to move quickly while ensuring a high standard of code quality and scalability. You’ll relentlessly pursue ways to make corporate traveling better. You’ll work alongside other developers, designers, and product managers to build out the best Corporate Travel platform in the market.   Responsibilities   Build amazing consumer experiences, taking responsibility for code quality, scalability, reliability and performance Help build the technical team for Corporate Travel, assist in interviews and onboarding of new team members Quickly prototype new ideas and run experiments to identify features that customers love Help shape the systems design for the homes vertical and how it integrates with our microservices architecture Collaborate with a diverse group of people, giving and receiving feedback for growth A passionate focus on quality, writing testable code that performs well for our consumers A desire to help our team continuously improve   Minimum Qualifications   Love for building customer centric software 6+ years professional experience in backend development Deep comfort with at least one server-side stack Excelled in an environment with cross-functional teams, working fluidly with Product Managers, Data Scientists, Software Developers, and other highly skilled specialists   Preferred Qualifications   Thorough understanding of Web system architecture and design, at scale Experience with, or willing to learn, distributed system development in Scala Proven track record of leading less-experienced engineers in building stable and scalable code Proven ability to build prototypes and take a data-driven approach to product development, testing and measuring new ideas very quickly The ability to bring leading industry techniques and technologies to the table   Our Tech Stack   We have a microservice architecture with over 200+ services. Mostly Scala on the backend with some Python (Scala experience would be a bonus, but is not required) Our front-end is on React (Javascript/Typescript) We host our services on Google Cloud. We use things like Pub/Sub, GCP Big Query, Cloud SQL, Redis. We are driven by data so Amplitude, Big Query and Datadog will be your buddies.   Benefits   Well-funded and proven startup with large ambitions, competitive salary and stock options Unlimited PTO WeWork All Access Pass OR Work-from-home stipend Entrepreneurial culture where pushing limits and taking risks is everyday business Open communication with management and company leadership Small, dynamic teams = massive impact 100% employer-paid telemedicine, medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance plans Access to a Retirement Savings Plan   More About Hopper   At Hopper, we are on a mission to become the world’s best — and most fun — place to book travel. By leveraging massive amounts of data, advanced machine learning algorithms, Hopper combines its world-class travel agency offering with proprietary fintech products to help customers spend less and travel better. Ranked the third largest online travel agency in North America, the app has been downloaded over 100 million times and continues to gain market share globally.   Here are just a few stats that demonstrate the company’s recent growth:   Hopper sells $6 billion worth of travel and travel fintech every year; 2022 sales were up 3X over 2021. In 2022, Hopper increased its revenue 2.5X year-over year.   The company’s bespoke fintech products, such as Flight Disruption Guarantee and Price Freeze, now represent around 50% of Hopper’s total app revenue.   Given the success of its fintech products, Hopper launched a B2B initiative called Hopper Cloud in late 2021. Through this partnership program, any travel provider (airlines, hotels, banks, travel agencies, etc.) can integrate and seamlessly distribute Hopper’s fintech or travel inventory. As its first Hopper Cloud partnership, Hopper partnered with Capital One to co-develop Capital One Travel, a new travel portal designed specifically for cardholders.   Other partners include Marriott, Uber, Agoda, CommBank and many more to be announced.   Hopper Cloud now comprises more than 50% of Hopper's business; Hopper Cloud made around as much in 2022 as all of the Hopper app did in 2021.   Recognized as one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company four years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 100 million times and continues to have millions of new installs each month. Hopper is now the #3 largest online travel agency in North America.   Hopper has raised over $750 million USD of private capital and is backed by some of the largest institutional investors and banks in the world. Hopper is primed to continue its acceleration as the world’s fastest-growing mobile-first travel marketplace.   Come take off with us!