Hi! We’re Checker Software. We are a Vancouver-based start-up that offers a suite of powerful online tools designed to streamline workflows, enhance productivity, and foster seamless collaboration. As a fast growing company, we are expanding our team of engineers to enhance Diffchecker and Diffchecker Desktop (https://www.diffchecker.com), our file comparison app for text, code, PDFs, images, spreadsheets and folders. As the world's leading comparison tool with over one million unique monthly visitors and corporate clients including Intuit, Lyft, WSJ and Zoom, among others, we’re looking to scale up our operations.   Role    We’re looking for a flexible, self-motivated, and problem-solving senior full-stack developer to join our engineering team. As a product-first company, we're looking for a big picture thinker who wants to be part of our decision-making process and directly impact our product development. As a full-stack developer, you'll join our international team of engineers and designers, working on tasks ranging from large-scale company projects to crucial bug fixes. We're constantly innovating and scaling up our codebase to improve user experiences across our suite of cutting-edge apps and client solutions. In this role, you will be focusing on implementing new enterprise features for Diffchecker. Additionally, you'll have the opportunity to devise creative product solutions and influence the future direction of the Diffchecker Desktop app.   Skills    React, Redux, Next.js, TypeScript, Node.js, TypeScript, TypeORM, Jest   Requirements    Self-starter: Whether spotting a code issue or a bug, you dive in to fix it. Or, if a new feature strikes your mind, you're prepared to take the initiative and bring it to life. Flexible: You’re confident working on hands-on projects or product directions. Problem-solving: We prioritize delivering value over strict sprints or drawn-out meetings. If you thrive on completing projects and enhancing the product, we welcome you aboard! Strong experience building applications with React components. Strong experience in working with Node.js and creating REST APIs. 5 or more years of experience in web development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript + TypeScript)